hi I'm Susan Sadie welcome to Susan's
cooking school today we'll be making
pierogi let's make our para you go here
I have my flour I'm going to add salt
stir it in I'm going to take my eggs and
add them to my water this helps to get
the eggs evenly distributed in a job
gradually add the egg mixture while
stirring with a fork
I just keep tossing to incorporate the
ingredients makes it a little easier
when you go to need it I'm going to
start to bring this dough together with
my hands and as I do so I'll be able to
tell if it's going to be too dry or too
moist if it feels too dry to me this is
the time to add a little extra water and
if it feels too moist it'd be the time
to add a little more flour feels pretty
good after I have all the ingredients
incorporated then I'm going to put it on
the table and eat it dump this on the
table now I'm going to knead this for
about a minute
as I'm kneading it I'll pick up the bits
or flour and dough that are on the table
we don't need to over knead this dough
just need to make sure that it's nice
and smooth and even usually a minute
does it I just kind of pushing the doll
back and forth and putting my body
weight behind it helps to bring it all
together so it feels pretty smooth and
pretty even I don't feel any lumps in
there but now it needs to sit and rest
before we roll it out so just going to
cover this with a little flour put a
piece of plastic over it and let it sit
for about 15 minutes and then we ready
to use our dough is ready to go we've
rested it I'm going to take about half
of it the other half aside keep it
covered so it doesn't dry out I'll put a
little flour on my table
press the dough out with my fingertips
give it a head start
I keep flouring it to make sure that
it's not going to be sticking to my
table lower the top we can brush off the
excess flour later on now I'm going to
roll good to roll from the center out
and keep checking that it's not sticking
to the counter keep putting a little
flour underneath it okay it's nice and
even it's fairly thin it's about maybe
an eighth of an inch or so I'm going to
take my cutter cut circles
I'll take my scraps of dough which can
be reused smush them together and I'm
just going to put them on the backside
of the dough that we have saved from
before we'll begin with our potato
cheese and our filling is nice and cold
and you can see that it's pretty firmed
up I'm using a 3/4 ounce Disher and I'm
going to put one scoop on each dough now
we're going to shape these I take 1
basically I'm going to stretch the
filling over the dome so I'm going to
push down the filling push the dough up
and over and then seal it at the top
first and then I'm going to seal it
other sides and I just pinch all along
now that I've got it pretty sealed I'm
going to make sure that it's very good
at sealed and I'm going to squeeze
really hard on this edge we just repeat
that process again take the pirogue in
one hand sort of push down and pull up
the dough around the filling squeeze at
the top making sure that I don't have
any filling in there and then pinching
tight
and with experience you'll be able to do
these faster and faster okay these are
ready to be boiled make sure you have a
large pot with a lot of water because if
the pierogi are too crowded and the
water takes too long to come back to a
boil they're not going to come out as
good so just drop your peril be and one
by one you give it a stir once with a
wooden spoon to make sure that they're
not sticking to the bottom and then it
takes about three minutes for them to be
done the pair of you when they're just
about done should be all floating to the
surface as they are and the water should
be vigorously boiling okay so we'll
remove these now I have over here a tray
that I just put some oil on I'm just
going to scoop these out and put them on
the tray let them get nice and coated
with a thin coating of oil so help
prevent them from sticking even though
these priv are ready to be now you can
eat them just like they are you can put
some butter on them but we're going to
pry them up going to serve them with
some sauteed onions & sour cream I think
our butter is ready I'm going to add our
potato and cheese therapy
and sauerkraut
the bottom of the pants put this over
somewhat medium gauge keep it cool sign
them because you don't want to burn okay
those are ground on one side the side a
little bit and I'm going to add some
onions
character oh you look just about them
they are pierogi are ready now we'll
just plate them out arrange them around
some sour cream that I have on this
plate with a little parsley on top I'll
put three potato and cheese and through
sauerkraut mushroom and now we'll take
some of these onions that we made and
just sprinkle them around they're ready
to be served
I hope you enjoyed this video thank you
for watching
you